The For Loop comes first because of its simplicity and ease of use.
 It is a very user-friendly kind of loop that runs with a method of using a counter. 

The value is first set with an appropriate condition, which is also called ‘initializing a loop’.
 Next, the terminal or final value is specified. The For Loop makes things really easy when you need to run a set of codes multiple times.

FOR THE JSON ITERATE OVER THE ALL THE LOOPS (FOR,FOR IN. FOR OF, FOR EACH)

1. Using an array
The following piece of code is a perfect example of how to use a for loop through an array. 
Here, I have used all the numbers in the form of an array, then printed each of them in a console window. 
In the same way, you can make a loop through an array of strings.

var numbers = [ 10, 20, 30, 40, 50] 
for (var i=0; i < numbers.length; i++) {
   console.log(numbers[i])
}


for…in Loop
The for…in loop exists in JavaScript for a long time. It was already supported in Internet Explorer 6.
 If you need to support old browsers, the for…in loop is a solid choice.
This loop gives you access to each key in a given object. You can then access the related value using index access.

2.READ ABOUT DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WINDOWS,SCREEN, AND OBJECT IN JAVASCRIPT

WINDOW
Window is the main JavaScript object root, aka the global object in a browser, also can be treated as the root of the document object model.
 You can access it as window.Well, the window is the first thing that gets loaded into the browser. This window object has the majority of the properties like length,
 innerWidth, innerHeight, name, if it has been closed, its parents, and more.

DOCUMENT
 The Document object(DOM) is your html, aspx, php, or other document that will be loaded into the browser.
 The document actually gets loaded inside the window object and has properties available to it like title, URL, cookie, etc. What does this really mean? That means if you want to
 access a property for the window it is window.property, if it is document it is window.document.property which is also available in short as document.property.
SCREEN
The Window object also has a screen object with properties describing the physical display:
screen properties width and height are the full screen
screen properties availWidth and availHeight omit the toolbar
window.screen or just screen is a small information object about physical screen dimensions.
